Do you know what privilege is?
Today we will explore a key concept that impacts our perception of the world:
privilege.
Imagine privilege as a bag full of advantages,
possibilities, opportunities, and benefits.
These advantages, possibilities, opportunities, and benefits
can first relate
to gender, age, sexual orientation,
disabilities, religion, nationality, or any other unique characteristic that we may possess
but, how can we recognize privilege for what we have or what we decide?
Acknowledging our own privilege is fundamental.
It is like turning on a light in a dark room full of possibilities.
It helps us see the advantages we have when compared to other people.
Here is the exciting part:
by acknowledging our own privilege, we can use it positively.
It is a call to action to strike down barriers and to connect with others,
making the road easier to travel on,
fighting discrimination, and fostering equity.
Recognizing our privilege helps us act with intention
and be aware of our position.
From where we stand,
we can offer support and take down barriers that hinder the participation of others
as well as obstruct their access to opportunities and growth.
To sum up,
recognizing our own privilege is not just a task, it is an opportunity!
A chance to open up a world of possibilities
in the construction of a fair road for all people.